c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\bin\Debug\EngineerKadai1.exe.config
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\bin\Debug\EngineerKadai1.exe
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\bin\Debug\EngineerKadai1.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\bin\Debug\EngineerKadai1.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.Resources.resources
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.exe
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.pdb
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.frmKadai.resources
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\bin\Debug\EngineerKadai1.exe.config
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.exe
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.xml
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.pdb
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\bin\Debug\EngineerKadai1.exe
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\bin\Debug\EngineerKadai1.pdb
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\bin\Debug\EngineerKadai1.xml
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.frmKadai.resources
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.Resources.resources
C:\Users\localadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EngineerKadai1 - コピー\EngineerKadai1\obj\Debug\EngineerKadai1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
